docs(asset-tree): rewrite stories in new format (#539)
cognitedata/gearbox.js: src/components/AssetTree/stories/basic.story.mdx

> import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

Reviewer: Do we need to import `Source` here?

import { AssetTree } from '../AssetTree';
import { decorators } from './helper';

<Meta title="Assets|AssetTree" decorators={decorators} />

# Asset Tree

Visualize parent-child relationship of assets in a tree structure. It will initially fetch all available root assets from the SDK. When a node is expanded, the children will be fetched dynamically

**NOTE:** The component should have `ClientSDKProvider` as a parent component in react component tree.

## Basic usage:

Imports:

```jsx
import 'antd/dist/antd.css';

import React from 'react';
import { AssetTree } from '@cognite/gearbox';

```

<Preview>
  <Story name="Basic Usage">
    <AssetTree/>
  </Story>
</Preview>

## Available props

> <Props of={AssetTree} />

Reviewer: Please, redo this in another way. It's possible to show props properly for this component

Author: @mrtraser What did you mean by _another way_? edit the assetTree component?

Reviewer: check `AssetBreadcrumb` example

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { AssetTree } from '../AssetTree';
import { decorators } from './helper';

<Meta title="Assets|AssetTree" decorators={decorators} />

# Asset Tree

<!-- STORY -->

#### Description:

Visualize parent-child relationship of assets in a tree structure. It will initially fetch all available root assets from the SDK. When a node is expanded, the children will be fetched dynamically

**NOTE:** The component should have `ClientSDKProvider` as a parent component in react component tree.

## Basic usage:

Imports:

```jsx
import 'antd/dist/antd.css';

import React from 'react';
import { AssetTree } from '@cognite/gearbox';

```

<Preview withSource='open'>
  <Story name="Basic Usage">
    <AssetTree/>
  </Story>
</Preview>

## Available props

<Props of={AssetTree} />

### Types

#### OnSelectAssetTreeParams

This type describes the parameters the `onSelect` function is called with.
The type can be imported from @cognite/gearbox:

```jsx
import { OnSelectAssetTreeParams } from '@cognite/gearbox';
```

#### Asset

> The Asset type documentation can be found at https://js-sdk-docs.cogniteapp.com/interfaces/asset.html

Reviewer 2: that's an outdated link, here is a proper one
```suggestion
The Asset type documentation can be found at https://cognitedata.github.io/cognite-sdk-js/classes/asset.html
```
